You see a man licking his bloody finger and wiping it on the subway pole.
You see a woman spitting into a communal water fountain then walking away.
You see someone sneezing thick mucus into their hands and rubbing their face.
You see a teenager wiping snot on a bus seat.
You see a man urinating against a building wall at midnight near a café.
You see someone blowing a bloody nose into a communal towel at the gym.
You see a person licking their finger then touching fresh fruit at a farmer's market.
You see an employee rinsing bloody bandages in the sink and leaving them beside clean dishes.
You see a woman squeezing pus from a boil and smearing it on her arm.
You see a man picking dried feces from beneath his shoe with his bare hands.
You see a passenger vomiting into the airplane aisle and stepping through it.
You see someone blowing mucus into an unlabeled thermos left in a break room.
You see a woman licking her fingers after changing a diaper in a public restroom.
You see a person rinsing menstrual blood into a sink and letting it drip onto the floor.
You see someone smoking, then spitting brown saliva onto the sidewalk repeatedly.
You see a man wiping his sweaty armpit on a restaurant chair.
You see a woman biting her nails and eating them in front of strangers.
You see a person licking the shared pretzel bowl at a crowded bar.
You see a man cleaning his nose with his tongue in a crowded nightclub.
You see someone squeezing and tasting a fish’s bloody guts at an outdoor market.
You see a woman picking dead skin from her foot and flicking it into a salad.
You see a man wiping sweat from his face with the same towel he used on the gym floor.
You see someone burping up bile and spitting it into the street.
You see a person wiping their open wound and then wiping their hands on a cashier counter.
You see a man chewing on a used cotton swab he found in the trash.
You see a woman licking crumbs and dried saliva off a communal cup.
You see a person pouring expired milk into a pitcher and then using it for coffee.
You see a man spitting tobacco juice into an unlabeled plastic bottle left on a desk.
You see someone picking their teeth with a fingernail and swallowing the debris.
You see a woman emptying soiled bandages into a clean recycling bin.
You see a man wiping his runny nose on a menu at a diner.
You see someone licking the inside of a toilet lid while laughing.
You see a person drinking from a glass left on a public restroom sink.
You see a woman squeezing her pimple and tasting the pus with her finger.
You see a man wiping menstrual blood on his jeans and continuing about his day.
You see a man wearing the same stained underwear three days in a row without washing.
You see a woman not bathing for weeks and her hair caked with grime.
You see someone letting toenails pile into a thick, yellow clump on their floor.
You see a person never changing their socks, their shoes oozing dark sweat.
You see a man shaving but leaving long strips of unwashed shaving cream clinging to his chin.
You see a woman sleeping with her makeup on, her pillow stained with mascara and oil.
You see someone combing lice from their hair and letting the bugs crawl on the countertop.
You see a person collecting used tissues in their pocket throughout the day.
You see a man wiping sweat from his forehead into his hair and letting it dry gritty.
You see a woman never brushing her teeth, her breath sticky when she talks.
You see someone letting mold grow on bread and eating the fuzz with a bite.
You see a person clipping their toenails over the kitchen counter and leaving clippings.
You see a man letting dandruff accumulate into white flakes on his shoulders.
You see a woman sleeping in the same clothes she wore to work for days.
You see someone smearing makeup into their hairline instead of washing their face.
You see a person wearing a jacket caked with old food stains and bird droppings.
You see a man allowing a thick crust to form on his dried blood scab.
You see a woman rinsing her menstrual pad under the sink and reusing it.
You see someone never washing their hands after gardening and touching kitchen plates.
You see a person sleeping next to a mound of unwashed, sweaty gym clothes.
You see a man with long, dirty fingernails hiding food remnants under them.
You see a woman using the same towel months without laundering, it smells rancid.
You see someone neglecting to bathe, their skin flaking with dried sweat and food.
You see a person allowing a thick ring of grime to form around their neck from clothing.
You see a man with yellowed teeth and a constant stream of drool down his shirt.
You see a woman letting toenail fungus spread unchecked, her feet cracked and greenish.
You see someone storing dirty undergarments in a drawer piled with weeks of sweat.
You see a person never washing their hair after swimming in a stagnant pond.
You see a man rubbing dirt into his armpits instead of using soap.
You see a woman reusing disposable razors until they’re bent and rusty.
You see someone letting crumbs and food decay in the bed beside them.
You see a person wearing makeup covered in lipstick smudges and hardened saliva.
You see a man with a constant crust of eye discharge caked in his lashes.
You see a woman refusing dental care, her gum disease bleeding when she smiles.
You see a person never laundering cloth diapers and hanging them ripe in the closet.
You see a man biting into a half-rotten apple filled with maggots.
You see a woman cooking meat that smells of rot and feeding it to herself.
You see someone stirring a communal soup with bare, unwashed hands.
You see a person licking the frosting off a dozen cupcakes then returning them to the display.
You see a man sipping from the milk carton and putting it back in the fridge.
You see a woman eating food she pulled from a public trash can.
You see someone dunking used napkins into a shared dip bowl.
You see a person tasting raw chicken juice while preparing dinner and then touching plates.
You see a man rinsing a dead insect off his sandwich and continuing to eat it.
You see a woman licking a communal spoon and leaving it in a jar of sauce.
You see someone reheating leftovers that smell strongly of decay without discarding them.
You see a person drinking warm soda left open for days at a picnic.
You see a man removing a hair from his plate, putting it in his mouth, then swallowing.
You see a woman seasoning a salad with water from a public dog bowl.
You see someone dipping their finger into a jar of pickles to taste and licking it.
You see a person retrieving food scraps from a restaurant dumpster and eating them.
You see a man pouring spoiled cream into his coffee and drinking it anyway.
You see a woman slicing fruit with a knife she used to cut raw meat, no washing.
You see someone using a public knuckle to scoop ice cream and licking it.
You see a person licking the salt off another diner’s fries before returning them.
You see a man taking a bite of food that fell on the subway floor and finishing it.
You see a woman stirring condiments with a finger and then eating directly.
You see someone reheating meat with visible green mold speckling it.
You see a person picking insect wings out of their soup and dipping breads into it.
You see a man washing raw chicken in the sink and letting blood splatter on counters.
You see a woman licking a communal straw and passing it to others to share a drink.
You see someone eating cheese coated in fly larvae without removing them.
You see a person using saliva to moisten their fingers while preparing sushi.
You see a man taking bites from multiple sandwiches at a buffet without using utensils.
You see a woman biting nail polish and then licking her fingers while cooking.
You see someone draining the leftover bacon grease into a vegetable bin before cooking.
You see a person picking up a dead mouse from the pantry and reaching for cereal with bare hands.
You see a man licking a communal coffee stirrer, putting it back in the jar.
You see a woman rinsing plates in a bathroom sink and stacking them for dinner.
You see someone catching and swallowing a fly that fell into their soup.
You see two adult siblings making out openly on a park bench.
You see a man having sex with a farm animal in a damp barn after the festival.
You see a woman kissing and caressing a deceased partner in a funeral home.
You see two cousins in bed together laughing as they undress.
You see a man offering to swap saliva by sharing mouth-to-mouth kisses with strangers on the street.
You see a group of adults having unprotected group sex at an outdoor campground.
You see a woman performing oral sex on someone on the back of a public bus.
You see a man engaging in sex with a mannequin he keeps in his apartment.
You see a couple using a dead animal carcass as part of their sexual game.
You see a woman bringing strangers home from the bar and sleeping with them one after another.
You see a woman and her brother kissing in a hotel room.
You see a man filming himself having sex with consenting adults and posting the video publicly.
You see a woman paying for strangers to perform sexual acts in a gas station restroom.
You see a couple engaging in incestuous roleplay with close relatives' photos present.
You see a man and woman incorporating feces into their sexual play in a hotel room.
You see someone engaging in foot fetish sex in a public pool changing room.
You see a pair kissing with visible open sores in their mouths exchanging blood.
You see a woman using edible body paint made from spoiled milk during sex with her partner.
You see a man engaging in sex while covered in another person's vomit as part of a fetish.
You see a couple sharing oral sex with their neighbor in a thin-walled apartment, heard by all.
You see a woman licking sweat and dirt from a stranger after a street fight.
You see a man masturbating into a shared office potted plant.
You see a group of adults engaging in incestuous relations with multiple cousins present.
You see a woman inserting bodily fluids into packaged food and returning it to the store shelf.
You see a man publicly fondling his genitals while covered in mud and sweat.
You see someone sniffing used underwear they found in a laundromat dryer.
You see a woman engaging in sexual activity with her recently deceased partner's clothing.
You see a man exchanging saliva-laced toothbrushes with an ex for thrills.
You see a couple intentionally sharing infected sores during intimate play.
You see a woman having sex with a live fish in a camper bathroom.
You see a man openly masturbating while stepping into a puddle of someone else’s vomit.
You see a couple taking turns licking each other's earwax with spoons.
You see someone using a stranger’s discarded sanitary napkin as sexual stimulation.
You see a married couple kissing and swapping deeply soiled bed sheets at a laundromat.
You see a person engaging in mutual coprophagia with a consenting partner in a dim apartment.
You see a man taking a selfie while caressing a decomposing corpse at a burial site.
You see someone dragging a dead raccoon into their kitchen to skin and examine it.
You see a woman sleeping curled up beside a freshly unearthed grave's open edge.
You see a person dipping their fingers into embalming fluid and licking them.
You see a man washing his face in water that has pooled near a corpse removal stretcher.
You see someone bringing a rotting animal carcass into their apartment and leaving it on the table.
You see a woman collecting bone fragments from a gravesite and keeping them in a jar.
You see a person using a dead bird's feathers to clean their face.
You see a man gnawing at a rotten piece of meat pulled from a preserved cadaver.
You see someone storing a small dead animal in their freezer beside groceries.
You see a woman dipping cookies into the liquid used to wash a mortuary slab.
You see a person using a skull as a fruit bowl at a party.
You see a man rolling in a field strewn with animal carcasses and decaying flesh.
You see someone pressing their face against a coffin lid to breathe the scent of the dead.
You see a woman preserving a swollen, discolored hand in a jar on her shelf.
You see a person licking the dried blood from a burial shroud.
You see a man rummaging through a hospital dumpster full of discarded surgical tissue.
You see someone using a corpse's hair as a substitute toothbrush.
You see a woman stirring a stew with a bone still dripping with decay.
You see a person planting flowers in soil mixed with human ashes without gloves.
You see a man peeling maggots off a rotting log and eating them raw.
You see someone sitting on a bench rubbing their hands in moist soil from a recent gravesite.
You see a woman using embalmed tissue as napkins at a family luncheon.
You see a person cleaning dried blood from a deceased loved one's clothing with their bare hands.
You see a man microwaving a bag containing animal remains and opening it to inhale the smell.
You see someone smearing decomposing flesh across a wall as decoration.
You see a woman keeping a decayed body part in a shoebox under her bed.
You see a person licking the condensation off a bag of preserved human organs.
You see a man exposing a corpse's embalming incision and sniffing inside the chest cavity.
You see someone throwing used burial gloves into a bowl of communal chips.
You see a woman kneeling to kiss a coffin and then wiping her lips with a napkin.
You see a person storing decaying fish entrails in the bathroom sink overnight.
You see a man tucking a small dead animal under his shirt and keeping it against his skin.
You see someone dragging a bloated, foul-smelling carcass through a public park.
You see a woman seasoning her meal with a jar of pickled human tissue from a shelf.
You see a drunk man vomiting repeatedly onto the entrance mat of a restaurant.
You see a woman passing out face-first into a public fountain with drool.
You see someone urinating openly beside a bus stop bench at noon.
You see a man defecating behind a parked car on a busy street.
You see a woman falling asleep in a supermarket aisle with her mouth open, drooling.
You see someone vomiting bright yellow bile into a shopping cart.
You see a man stumbling and vomiting into another customer's salad display.
You see a woman drunkenly removing her tampon in a nightclub bathroom and discarding it on the floor.
You see someone urinating in a crowded movie theater aisle between seats.
You see a man slumped on a bus, soiling himself and not waking.
You see a woman stumbling into a fountain and washing vomit down the stone steps.
You see someone vomiting and then wiping their mouth with another patron's napkin.
You see a man vomiting into his hands and smearing it on his shirt.
You see a woman vomiting on a shared workplace keyboard and walking away.
You see someone leaving a puddle of urine across the bar floor and continuing to drink.
You see a man defecating in a mall restroom stall and leaving feces smeared outside the toilet.
You see a woman vomiting into an inflatable cooler full of drinks at a backyard party.
You see someone vomiting blood and bile into a garbage bin on the sidewalk.
You see a man opening his zipper on the subway and peeing into a plastic bag.
You see a woman passed out with vomit crusted on her hair and clothing.
You see someone repeatedly falling and leaving wet, sticky handprints along a hallway.
You see a man defecating in a planter outside a café and leaving it uncleaned.
You see a woman vomiting into a coat pocket and stuffing it back into her bag.
You see someone urinating into a recycling bin behind a convenience store.
You see a man vomiting into a public mailbox slot and smiling.
You see a woman asleep beside a busy road with loose stool beneath her.
You see someone wetting themselves while laughing loudly in a crowded bar.
You see a man collapsing and bleeding from the mouth, vomiting fluid onto the pavement.
You see a woman staggering and leaving a trail of vomit across a theater floor.
You see someone peeing into a portable cooler at a music festival.
You see a man stumbling into a deli, spilling vomit over the bread display.
You see a woman defecating involuntarily on a train seat and trying to cover it up.
You see someone repeatedly gagging and bringing up partially digested food onto a park bench.
You see a man passed out with his mouth open and flies gathering near it.
You see a woman urinating in the corner of a crowded nightclub behind a potted plant.
You see a person using a stranger’s toothbrush found on a hotel sink.
You see a man wiping his bloodied finger across a shared bulletin board.
You see someone pressing their sweaty face against a friend's clean pillow without washing.
You see a woman trying on used shoes at a thrift store and sweating in them.
You see a man replacing a communal razor with one he used and leaving it in the shaving cup.
You see someone licking a public phone receiver before returning it to the desk.
You see a person dipping their fingers into a communal sunscreen jar after applying it to their crotch.
You see a woman putting another’s discarded decorative contact lens into her eye.
You see someone rinsing contact lenses in a bathroom sink and storing them in a communal cup.
You see a man using a restaurant's napkin to clean a bloody cut and then folding it back.
You see a person sharing bed sheets with multiple people without laundering between uses.
You see a woman trying on lipstick at a counter and then pressing her mouth on a store pillow.
You see someone reaching into a stranger’s handbag to lick a candy they find.
You see a man using another customer’s straw to sample their drink without permission.
You see a person rubbing their unwashed hands on a store’s fresh bread loaf.
You see a woman picking at her ingrown toenail and then placing it in a communal jar.
You see someone applying used disposable gloves to their bare hands after removing them from a bin.
You see a man sniffing the armpit of a stranger he met that morning.
You see a person stealing a discarded diaper and using its contents to smear on their face.
You see a woman drinking from a friend's used water bottle and leaving it half-drunk again.
You see someone dipping their fingers into a jar of communal jam after picking their nose.
You see a man wiping his menstrual blood on a bus seat and sitting down.
You see a person putting on a used headset at a gym without cleaning the ear pads.
You see a woman licking the inside of someone else’s discarded glove on a park bench.
You see someone using a public towel to dry their face after handling raw meat.
You see a man trying on a stranger’s hat and wearing it all day without cleaning.
You see a person sharing shoes in a locker room and swapping soles full of sweat.
You see a woman wearing a donated mouthguard without rinsing it first.
You see someone tasting makeup samples directly off the tester and returning them.
You see a man licking a coin he picked up from a public restroom floor.
You see a person using a used disposable diaper as a handkerchief and blowing their nose.
You see a woman cleaning her pierced tongue with someone else's toothbrush found in the gym bin.
You see someone spooning ice from an unplugged ice machine with their bare hands and sneezing over it.
You see a man rubbing his saliva into his own open wound and then touching communal door handles.
You see a person wearing another's unlaundered scarf, breathing on it heavily.
You see a woman sniffing a pile of used socks in the back of a locker room.
You see a man collecting dried boogers in labeled jars on his shelf.
You see someone buying a stranger’s stained pillowcase online and smelling it daily.
You see a person licking the accumulations of earwax from cotton swabs into their mouth.
You see a woman keeping a box of her ex’s used razors and sniffing them.
You see a man saving and eating crumbs scraped from other people's plates.
You see someone rubbing their face in a pile of laundry smelling of others’ sweat.
You see a person collecting chewed gum stuck under classroom desks and popping it into their mouth.
You see a woman preserving fingernail clippings in plastic bags labeled by date.
You see a man paying to watch secret footage of strangers changing in a gym locker.
You see someone licking the condensation off an airplane restroom mirror after strangers have coughed.
You see a person sniffing used tissues at a bus stop to feel close to someone.
You see a woman ordering and drinking a shake made from blended semen in a private club.
You see a man collecting and cataloging stains from strangers’ underwear he finds in laundromats.
You see someone dipping their finger into a jar of sweat gathered from a sports team locker.
You see a person photographing strangers’ feet in public and archiving the images.
You see a woman licking sweat from between her partner's toes and filing it away.
You see a man keeping a stack of saliva-soaked napkins from different dates and sorting them.
You see someone consistently pulling used cotton swabs from trash to inspect ear wax patterns.
You see a person wearing another's underwear found discarded behind a club and sniffing it.
You see a woman scraping dried blood from her teeth and collecting it in tiny vials.
You see a man paying to watch live feeds of hotel rooms through hidden cameras for arousal.
You see someone licking the remnants of sweat off a gym towel before returning it.
You see a person eating a dried fingernail they plucked seconds earlier.
You see a woman collecting used condoms from trash cans to study their texture and smell.
You see a man pressing his face into strangers’ clothes hanging on a rail and inhaling deeply.
You see someone keeping a jar of pet fur mixed with their partner’s hair for scent.
You see a person filming neighbors through a peephole and masturbating to the footage.
You see a woman licking crumbs and drool from an adult acquaintance’s sandwich.
You see a man collecting discarded tampons in a bag and proudly displaying them.
You see someone obsessively smelling shoes before filing them into a labeled closet.
You see a person dipping their tongue into a jar of their own dried blood and tasting it.
You see a woman sniffing strangers’ hair in a crowded subway and recording the scents.
You see a man licking lipstick marks off napkins and cataloging them by color.
You see someone eating food smeared with their partner's semen as a nightly ritual.
You see a person coughing phlegm into a supermarket apple bin.
You see a man spitting persistent slimy saliva onto the floor of a busy elevator.
You see someone sneezing into their bare hands on a crowded train then handing out flyers.
You see a woman blowing her nose openly into a restaurant's salad bar.
You see a person hacking up phlegm and smearing it on the bench in a park.
You see a man licking his fingers after coughing and turning pages of shared books.
You see someone wiping sticky fingers on library chairs after eating messy food.
You see a person spitting chew into a public recycle bin behind a café.
You see a woman coughing into the shared office coffee pot before refilling it.
You see someone blowing snot onto the back of a bus seat and boarding.
You see a man using a public fountain to rinse his toothbrush while others drink.
You see a person wiping greasy fingers across the handles of shopping carts.
You see a woman sneezing loudly onto a stack of reused cloth napkins at a café.
You see someone spitting a mouthful of chewed gum onto the floor of a museum.
You see a man coughing up a thick phlegm into a shared office trash can.
You see a person licking their lips after coughing and then pressing a bathroom faucet.
You see a woman blowing mucus into a communal tissue box and leaving it.
You see someone sneezing into a box of pastries at a bakery display.
You see a man wiping blood from a cut onto a library table and walking away.
You see a person leaving wet, sticky saliva on vending machine buttons.
You see a woman openly spitting out decayed teeth pieces into a public planter.
You see someone blowing their nose into a fancy handkerchief and placing it back on sale.
You see a man coughing sputum onto the touch screen of a ticket kiosk.
You see a person rubbing their sneeze into the handle of a grocery cart.
You see a woman smearing greasy, food-stained hands across a restaurant's salt shaker.
You see someone wiping vomit off their mouth with a dish towel and putting it back into service.
You see a man sneezing into an open jar of pickles on a store shelf.
You see a person spitting oily cigarette residue onto the handrail of subway stairs.
You see a woman coughing up phlegm into a public drinking fountain and continuing to drink.
You see someone leaving a smear of nasal mucus on a wooden park bench.
You see a man openly picking his ear and flinging the wax onto a café table.
You see a person chewing tobacco and discreetly spitting into the community mailbox slot.
You see a woman sneezing over a stack of menus and not warning the staff.
You see someone wiping sweat from their face onto a communal gym mat before leaving.
You see a man blowing a long, wet spit across the sidewalk in front of a bakery.
You see a woman wearing a dress stained with old food and an unmistakable odor.
You see a man with hair matted in grease and food particles from weeks of not washing.
You see someone painting their teeth with tobacco and smiling at strangers.
You see a person wearing dozens of unwashed rings that are encrusted with grime.
You see a woman piling on perfume to mask the smell of spoiled sweat.
You see a man with crusted eye discharge and yellow flakes on his eyelashes.
You see someone whose breath reeks of rotten fish, eating next to you on the train.
You see a person with permanent stains down the front of their shirt from urine.
You see a woman whose teeth are plated with plaque and dark tobacco stains.
You see a man with an untrimmed beard full of leftover food debris.
You see someone wearing shoes so filthy their socks have fused to the inside.
You see a person with layers of old, cracked makeup and lipstick smeared everywhere.
You see a woman whose fingernails are caked in dried mud and food.
You see a man whose body odor is strong enough to make people step back.
You see someone wearing a sweater with a persistent sticky ring of dried soda.
You see a person with dried vomit in the corner of their mouth at a dinner party.
You see a woman with multiple unwashed earrings encrusted in wax and debris.
You see a man whose hair smells of smoke, oil, and old fries.
You see someone whose shoes leave dark, damp footprints across a clean floor.
You see a person with a visible brown ring around their collar from sweat and dirt.
You see a woman who never brushes her tongue, its surface thick and furry when she speaks.
You see a man wearing the same stained gym top for weeks straight, reeking of sweat.
You see someone with a greenish tinge under their fingernails from never cleaning them.
You see a person whose breath is acidic and leaves a sour smell on anything they kiss.
You see a woman whose hair is full of insects and tiny eggs visible at the roots.
You see a man whose teeth are chipped and filled with black residue he refuses to clean.
You see someone with dried menstrual staining visible on their outer clothing.
You see a person with a constant stream of nasal mucus hanging from their nostrils.
You see a woman whose hands tremble with grease and she wipes them on public benches.
You see a man whose fingernails are grown so long they crack and collect food.
You see someone who refuses to launder bedding, sleeping atop a crusted, sticky mattress.
You see a person carrying a bag of unwashed produce that oozes dark, moldy liquid.
You see a woman whose breath carries the smell of fecal matter after a severe stomach bug.
You see a man with persistent open scabs around his mouth crusting yellow and brown.
You see someone wearing a jacket splattered with dried blood and old vomit stains.
